so all do you guys have been married a
long time oh yeah ups and downs in every
marriage you ever been in any marriage
counseling yes what that do for you look
at me I'm well my hold of the results of
the counseling well at the end of it all
there are two folks who thought I was an
ass and I'm paying both of them well you
are happy to be here oh sure in better
than last week last week yeah Fort
Lauderdale Florida we were there you
didn't like that no why not everyone in
Fort Lauderdale Florida looks exactly
like me
I swear it's like one giant nursing home
wasn't that way at Fort Lauderdale's
where they tip a lot of those girls gone
wild videos that's the only during
spring break
oh the rest of time it's girls gone
saggy thanks girls gone senile
and then it's just girls gone
you didn't like the weather there either
oh my god even in the middle of winter
it's humid as hell and hot as hell we
got there I took a shower on Monday
Friday still not dry
I swear eggs and moss on my ass
yeah you said the weather changes too
quickly yeah I know it changes fast
everywhere else in the country looking
Florida strid ick Ulis when you talk
about oh my god I was standing there on
the beach in the sunshine having little
iced tea
I looked over to go whoo look a little
cloud about 3:00 and then there's lady
the locals are hanging onto the palm
trees we love it here yet dumbasses I
say leave it to the Cuban
[Applause]